README.md, before:

# Terraform Provider Scaffolding (Terraform Plugin Framework)

_This template repository is built on the [Terraform Plugin Framework](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework). The template repository built on the [Terraform Plugin SDK](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-sdk) can be found at [terraform-provider-scaffolding](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-scaffolding). See [Which SDK Should I Use?](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/framework-benefits) in the Terraform documentation for additional information._

This repository is a *template* for a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io) provider. It is intended as a starting point for creating Terraform providers, containing:

- A resource and a data source (`internal/provider/`),
- Examples (`examples/`) and generated documentation (`docs/`),
- Miscellaneous meta files.

These files contain boilerplate code that you will need to edit to create your own Terraform provider. Tutorials for creating Terraform providers can be found on the [HashiCorp Developer](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/providers-plugin-framework) platform. _Terraform Plugin Framework specific guides are titled accordingly._

Please see the [GitHub template repository documentation](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) for how to create a new repository from this template on GitHub.

Once you've written your provider, you'll want to [publish it on the Terraform Registry](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/registry/providers/publishing) so that others can use it.

## Requirements

- [Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads) >= 1.0
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) >= 1.23

## Building The Provider

1. Clone the repository
1. Enter the repository directory
1. Build the provider using the Go `install` command:

```shell
go install
```

## Adding Dependencies

This provider uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules).
Please see the Go documentation for the most up to date information about using Go modules.

To add a new dependency `github.com/author/dependency` to your Terraform provider:

```shell
go get github.com/author/dependency
go mod tidy
```

Then commit the changes to `go.mod` and `go.sum`.

## Using the provider

Fill this in for each provider

## Developing the Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (see [Requirements](#requirements) above).

To compile the provider, run `go install`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

To generate or update documentation, run `make generate`.

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run.

```shell
make testacc
```

Commit message:

Remove scaffolding framework and implement unstructured provider with resources and data sources for workflows, sources, and destinations. Update go.mod and go.sum for new dependencies, and add documentation for the unstructured provider. Include example configurations and tests for new resources.

README.md, after:

# Terraform Provider Scaffolding (Terraform Plugin Framework)

_This template repository is built on the [Terraform Plugin Framework](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework). The template repository built on the [Terraform Plugin SDK](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-sdk) can be found at [terraform-provider-scaffolding](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-scaffolding). See [Which SDK Should I Use?](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/framework-benefits) in the Terraform documentation for additional information._

This repository is a *template* for a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io) provider. It is intended as a starting point for creating Terraform providers, containing:

- A resource and a data source (`internal/provider/`),
- Examples (`examples/`) and generated documentation (`docs/`),
- Miscellaneous meta files.

These files contain boilerplate code that you will need to edit to create your own Terraform provider. Tutorials for creating Terraform providers can be found on the [HashiCorp Developer](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/providers-plugin-framework) platform. _Terraform Plugin Framework specific guides are titled accordingly._

Please see the [GitHub template repository documentation](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) for how to create a new repository from this template on GitHub.

Once you've written your provider, you'll want to [publish it on the Terraform Registry](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/registry/providers/publishing) so that others can use it.

## Requirements

- [Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads) >= 1.0
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) >= 1.23

## Building The Provider

1. Clone the repository
1. Enter the repository directory
1. Build the provider using the Go `install` command:

```shell
go install
```

## Adding Dependencies

This provider uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules).
Please see the Go documentation for the most up to date information about using Go modules.

To add a new dependency `github.com/author/dependency` to your Terraform provider:

```shell
go get github.com/author/dependency
go mod tidy
```

Then commit the changes to `go.mod` and `go.sum`.

## Using the provider

Fill this in for each provider

## Developing the Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (see [Requirements](#requirements) above).

To compile the provider, run `go install`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

To generate or update documentation, run `make generate`.

To regenerate the provider code from the split specification files, run:
```shell
go generate ./internal
```

This will merge the specification files in `specs/` and generate the Go code.

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run.

```shell
make testacc
```
